# Focus You F#ck

Over the last few days / week, I have been trying to quit smoking.  I have done
a good job of cutting back from 1.5 packs a day (30 cigarettes) to 4-6
cigarettes per day.  I have been taking walks and getting more exercise to keep
my mind occupied, but I have lost the ability to focus on anything for
a significant amount of time.  I expect this to be short lived or an adjustment
period as my brain gets used to not being reliant on nicotine. I also have not
had a drink of alcohol during this time period.

I was stupid and did not wear the nicotine patches that I got.  I tried to do
it all by myself / with my will power.  Which I'm not saying that it is not
possible to do with will power alone, however I think it lowers my odds of
success.

I have set a quit date for 03/28/2022 (6 days from now). Today, I started
wearing the patches, I bought a vape to calm urges / supplement the patch.
I want to be careful to not trade one thing for another, but I really do not
like vaping, so am hopeful that will be easy to get rid of.  And while who
knows the side effects from vaping, it likely better than cigarettes.

Anyway, back to focus.  I have literally spent 2 days staring at my computer
screen at work.  I've worked a little on my Manual-S software project, but
nothing very productive, it seems daunting. I stare, change a little something,
run some tests, never really doing much of anything.  It's crazy the amount of
energy / effort is spent on not smoking, all of which will be worth it in the
end.

At any rate, I look forward to having focus again, to feeling healthy again, to
doing even greater things with more clarity, to being around longer, having more
time to contribute to helping others, write more content, not being a slave to
something any longer, not being weak.

This all sounds silly, but it's true, it's real, and it will pass!

